Especially at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, and also as the war in Ukraine started,
I watched a great deal of news reports.
Whether on TV, the computer on my smartphone, when you watch the news, you see many pictures
that simply haunt you.
I noticed that this was not good for me.
And it bothered me more and more.
Besides, it was too time-consuming.
After a while, you began to realize that you are somehow consumed by your thoughts.
I realized that it was not simply information that I was processing, but my feelings were
stirred.
And how easily you can lose focus.
You don't notice it straight away.
But I realized that for me, it was simply too much news.
The only solution was to be occupied with Jehovah's news.
The news, which is good for me, Jehovah's promises.
What really helped me was to focus on strengthening my trust in Jehovah and concentrating more
on the preaching work.
It brought me closer to Jehovah and gave me inner peace and calm.
Many people think their future depends on what they see in the news.
However, it does us so much good to help others understand that their future depends on something
completely different that is Jehovah's Kingdom.
And as a result, a wonderful future awaits them.